[birds singing]
♪ ♪
[door whooshes]
Ciao. Gregor.
- [earbud beeps]
- I have Yovanovitch.
[Orlick over comm] Took you
long enough. Nadia.
Missed you. too. Bernard.
[Orlick] Well.
you know. they do say
a year away makes
the heart grow fonder.
Although that didn't happen
with my ex-wife's heart.
Do you know that
she had me living
in a condo in Encinitas
for an entire year?
Do you know where that is?
Encinitas?
- It's good to be back.
- Now. remember.
our intel says that
this shitbag is carrying
highly enriched uranium
in that case
and he's intending to sell it to
any number of nefarious bidders.
I see you left me
a few new toys.
Yes. I built them
for my favorite spy.
Aw.
He hated them.
and I didn't want them
- to go to waste. so...
- Asshole.
[Orlick] The compact can track
a target a mile away.
The perfume is
a localized explosive.
What about the lipstick?
Lipstick.
Nothing more dangerous to
a pervy old man than red lips.
You would know.
- Got to go.
- [earbud beeps]
[lighter clicking]
(Italian)
Anyone sitting here?
Got kicked out of first class.
They wouldn't let me smoke.
- This is a nonsmoking train.
- Oh. I don't smoke.
I just don't like
being told I can't.
Seat's taken.
I'm waiting for a friend.
Well. how about I keep you
company till they show?
The thing is.
he's far more attractive.
and I'm a girl who paid
a fortune for a good view.
Is that right?
I mean. I'm surprised
you'd show your face at all.
- You got a mask I could borrow?
- I got dozens. love.
How about I call the rail line.
give you a refund?
Will they cover
emotional damage?
[whispers] I think
this is the quiet car.
[Nadia] Mm.
(Mandarin) I told them
I was bringing him in myself.
What are you doing here. Mason?
Grace needed the best on this.
(German) Right. So. as I said.
what are you doing here?
We're a team.
(Spanish)
We were a team.
No comprende español.
What's with the wedding ring?
Oh. It's part of my cover.
Or maybe it's just an old habit.
I thought your
old habit was lying.
I thought your old habit
was just leaving.
I've been in Berlin.
- Good schnitzel?
- I've been on mission.
How is Operation Bullshit?
Don't flatter yourself.
He's got backup.
- You would've blown our cover.
- Uh-huh.
- I pursue. You flank.
- I pursue. you flank.
I don't flank.
I'm not a flanker.
This is my mission.
You flank. love.
His handler's in a tan...
Tan suit. I know. love.
♪ ♪
[train rattling]
Hey! Pal.
You know what's gonna
happen now. right?
[grunting and groaning]
[silenced gunshots]
- [splashes]
- [grunts]
[indistinct chatter]
- [grunting]
- [gargles]
[straining]
[grunting and groaning]
[Nadia] Gregor Yovanovitch?
I think you dropped it
in the passenger car.
[Russian accent] Thank you.
Look. I don't know
if this is too forward
or anything. but...
mind if I join you?
Not at all. Please.
I'm Charlotte.
- Gregor. of course.
- Hi.
I love your lipstick.
I thought you might.
[grunting and groaning]
You have beautiful eyes.
[both laughing]
What. has no one
ever told you that?
[laughing] No.
Oh-oh. oh.
Is that your foot?
Oh. no. Gregor.
[click]
It's a .22 Beretta
aimed at your nuts.
Now. if you're careless enough
to lose your wallet.
you sure can't be trusted
with all that uranium
on a crowded train.
What are you. CIA?
- MI6?
- Oh. come on. Greg.
Do I look like a woman that
plays for the minor leagues?
You're Citadel.
I thought Citadel was a myth.
[both groaning]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[groans]
The bag.
Now.
[sighs]
[no accent] Nadia.
That's your real name. right?
There is no uranium.
We fed false information
to your people
to lure you here so I can
hand-deliver a message.
[groaning. breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[straining]
[yelling]
[both straining]
[groaning]
[grunts]
Bernard. you got eyes on Nadia?
[Orlick] Checking now.
Dining car.
On my way.
You know him. I imagine.
Vishal Rai.
He's got the most beautiful
apartment in Mumbai.
- Himari Tanaka in Tokyo.
- [gunfire on video]
The Citadel tech team
in Mexico City.
Milan. Paris. Cairo.
And hundreds and hundreds more.
The thing about myths is that
at the end of the day.
they're just stories.
Fallacies. lies.
Who the fuck are you?
The truth is everywhere.
- [gunfire]
- [passengers screaming]
- (Italian) Give it to me.
- I think maybe you're outgunned.
Long ago. you convinced
yourselves of a lie.
That you at Citadel
are not agents but angels.
We waited a long time
to wipe Citadel
from the face of the Earth.
And seeing you now. that...
that...
that look in your eyes...
- it was worth the wait.
- [bell dings. door whooshes]
- [groaning]
- [shouting indistinctly]
- How many?
- Six.
[grunting and groaning]
[yells]
[grunting and groaning continue]
Down!
Get down!
[grunting]
[panting]
- We were set up.
- Who are they?
I don't know. but they're
burning Citadel to the ground.
- I need to tell you something.
- I lied to you.
I lied to you.
[Orlick] Mason.
Bernard. we need evac.
- [static droning]
- Bernard?
- [Gregor coughing]
Manticore will always find you.
♪ ♪
[medical monitor beeping]
Help! Help!
[man speaking Italian]
[doctor] You attacked
our best surgeon.
Broke his arm.
What happened?
There was an explosion on board
a... a passenger train.
You washed ashore in Lezzeno.
Do you remember being
on that train?
No.
Do you remember your name?
Yeah. it's...
[doctor] It appears
you're suffering
from retrograde amnesia.
which affects your memories.
Do you know a man
named Kyle Conroy?
[Mason] No. Who's that?
[doctor] You.
This was in your pocket.
As was this.
The American consulate can't
find any relatives
or records of you.
It's like you're a ghost.
[♪ Carole King: "Sweet Seasons"]
♪ Sometimes you win.
sometimes you lose ♪
♪ And sometimes the blues
get a hold of you ♪
♪ Oh. just when ♪
♪ You thought you had made it ♪
♪ All around the block.
people will talk ♪
♪ Oh. people will talk...
Dad. pancakes are ready.
♪ All that I've got ♪
♪ I just don't want ♪
♪ I don't want to...
Blueberry pancakes?
- How many of those are you gonna eat?
- All of them.
Save one for me. will you?
[reporter] ...in one of
the worst attacks
since the fighting
in the city began.
Domestic terror groups have
claimed responsibility
for the bombings as
the government readies for war.
This is the tenth such attack...
[Abby] All right.
Bus is here in five minutes.
- You ready for school?
- [Hendrix] Yep.
Soccer cleats? Really. dude?
School shoes. now. Come on.
♪ ♪
[Simmons] You ever been
to therapy before?
In the beginning.
Then I stopped.
Why?
I was terrified
of what I'd find.
You know. no one came looking
for me after the accident.
Can you imagine
how horrible I must have been
to not have one single person
come looking for me?
So. if you're so afraid
of what you'll find.
why are you here now?
'Cause I feel like
I'm keeping secrets from myself.
And I just need to know.
I need to know.
So when my daughter asks me.
you know.
"What was your mom like?"
Did I have a dad
or a dog
or make wishes?
See. I got nothing to give her.
And. uh... and she should know.
She deserves to know.
And I deserve to know.
And. uh...
you know. when they pulled me
from the water. I...
I had a wedding ring and. uh...
These past few months.
I've been having these...
visions of a... of a woman.
A woman?
Yeah. I-I think she was
on that train with me.
I know she was. And. uh...
if I can find out who she is.
then maybe I can find out
who I am.
Kyle...
as much as I'd love
to charge you weekly
and make a small fortune
off your condition.
I think the best course
would be to swab your DNA.
run it through one of
the national databases.
see if we can find
any relatives. any information.
Yeah. I did that before.
and nothing showed.
Well. the technology's gotten
more advanced since then.
[Dahlia] Mr. Secretary.
thank you for coming to see me
at such short notice.
[McCulough] Madam Ambassador.
I would've met you in D.C..
but roses can be
needy little wankers.
[McCulough chuckles]
Let me cut to the liver. Harold.
Eight years ago.
when Citadel fell.
it buried its trove of secrets
in a tungsten-fortified case.
Secrets that may have included
black site locations.
agent identities.
even nuclear codes.
And I've just learned
that your CIA
recently discovered
the whereabouts
of this Citadel X Case.
The UK ambassador is asking
the secretary of state
to divulge
national security secrets?
I'm not asking
in my capacity as ambassador.
No. no. this is...
this is for a different cause.
A greater cause.
The truth.
I don't work
for Manticore anymore.
We've helped you before. so...
now we're calling in our favor.
So. what will it be. Harold?
Shall we plant explosives
on your daughter's
British Airways flight tomorrow
as she flies home from Oxford?
Or shall we abduct your wife
and bury her alive
in my rose garden?
You tell me.
[cell phone buzzing]
[buzzing continues]
- [phone beeps]
- Ma'am?
[Dahlia] How is the wedding?
[Davik] It's over.
I'm sure the bride
looked darling.
I have another job
for you. Davik.
They found the Citadel X Case.
It's been moved
to a CIA black site
at a shipping yard in Miami.
I want you to retrieve it.
Understood.
Is your brother up for this?
Of course he's up for this.
[Dahlia] Ah. he cost us
dearly in Beijing.
- He's letting things slide.
- [choking]
The families weren't pleased.
Did you hear that. Anders?
[gasps. grunts]
Yeah.
I hear you. Dahlia.
loud and clear.
We're on it.
[Orlick] Oh. yes.
I love this game.
Okay. guys.
we're gonna play a game.
The rules are simple.
Whoever guesses
three distinctive features
of an opponent's
Secret Someone wins.
I mean. it's pretty easy. right?
Okay. great. Here we go.
I'll begin.
Does your Secret Someone
have blond hair?
Yes.
That's one for me.
Go ahead. Your turn.
Does your Secret Someone
have freckles?
No.
Okay. Does your Secret Someone
have a mustache?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
[Orlick] Okay.
Just you and me.
Does your Secret Someone know
why your Manticore pal
Dahlia Archer had a meeting
with Secretary McCulough
yesterday at her home?
[breathing sharply]
Hmm?
She wanted the location
of Citadel's X Case.
Why?
Nuclear codes.
That's interesting.
[cell phone buzzing]
Oh. my God.
- Yeah.
- [chuckles]
No... No!
- [knocking at door]
- Just a sec.
"Just a sec"?
What kind of shady shit
you doing in here?
Little rub and tug?
No.
Good.
'Cause it was fantasy suites
on The Bachelor.
and I just finished
a glass of wine.
A whole glass of wine?
A whole half.
- Hendrix asleep?
- Mm-hmm.
- Abby C.
- [laughs]
Will you accept this rose?
[laughing] I love you.
What's wrong?
Kyle.
[Hendrix from other room] Dad?
Earth to Kyle.
[Hendrix] Dad!
I got it.
[door opens]
I'm right here.
Had another nightmare.
- Another one?
- Mm-hmm.
What was it this time?
Some of the kids in school
said that we're gonna get bombed
and there was a war.
And people are gonna
eat people. including me.
Well. some of the kids
at school are stupid.
[Hendrix chuckles]
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to you.
Did your dad tuck you in
when you had bad dreams?
I don't remember.
Do you want to remember?
Time for sleep. sweetheart.
[whispers] Good night.
beautiful.
[Hendrix sighs]
♪ ♪
[crickets chirping]
[sets lighter down]
[cell phone buzzing]
- Hey.
- [Abby] There's someone in the house.
♪ ♪
Abby!
- [grunts]
- Kyle.
- Dad!
- Get in the car. Get in the car!
For goodness' sake.
we're not who you think we are.
Kyle Conroy. Abigail Conroy.
Hendrix Conroy.
Right? How did I do?
Get in the car.
- Take me. You don't need them.
- Do you know who I am?
- No.
- Do you know where we're going?
- Then how the fuck do you know what I need?
Get in the car.
Back up. Back up.
Get in.
Come on.
Let's go.
That's it.
It's all right. We're okay.
Everything's gonna be all right.
[automated voice] Cabin secure.
- Put them to sleep.
- [whirring]
[automated voice] Dispensing.
Dispensing.
[Orlick] Let's go.
[Kyle] Don't you do that.
you son of a bitch! No!
- [Hendrix] Mom!
- [Abby] No. No. no.
[Kyle] Don't you do that!
[horn blasting]
♪ ♪
[tires squealing]
[metallic creaking]
- [electronic trilling]
- [lock clunks]
[woman] Okay. everybody.
Here we go.
We're live in three. two...
[Marjorie] Ambassador.
do you believe that
certain nation-states
are too powerful.
with monopolies
on natural resources.
possession of nuclear weapons.
inclinations to wage war
to further GDP interests?
Sounds like
a gotcha question. but yes.
Would you support
limiting the powers
of a nation that may pose
a global threat?
I would.
As would the prime minister.
who I so proudly represent
here today.
[Marjorie] So you would support
limiting the powers
- of Great Britain?
- [Dahlia sighs]
Surely. you would recognize that
Great Britain and her allies
have invaded other countries.
destabilized economies.
created an oligarchy that is run
by crooked politicians
and corporate titans.
I don't recognize that.
Marjorie. no.
This is a nation
that has ended wars.
sometimes before
they've even begun.
protected natural resources.
and furthered peace
and humanity worldwide.
Some would say you are
the queen of alternative facts.
Let me be clear.
I take great pride in
Britain's standing in the world.
in the choices she's made.
And let me say this. too.
We will strike back in force
against any entity
that threatens our democracy.
whether that be hackers.
a foreign government
or. say. an agent of the press
leading a dangerous
misinformation campaign
to further
foreign state interests.
[producer] And we're cut.
[Marjorie] Did you just call me
a Russian asset on live TV?
Come on now. dear.
I didn't say Russian.
[indistinct chatter]
The brothers have the X Case.
but the lock is
heavily encrypted.
They're headed to New York
to decode it.
[Dahlia] The families
will be pleased.
Tell Davik I want
that information
- the moment it's ready.
- Of course. ma'am.
[electrical buzzing]
♪ ♪
I apologize for the theatrics.
but it's for
your safety and ours.
Who are you people?
Where's our daughter?
I'm Bernard Orlick.
- This is my wife Joe.
- Ex-wife.
Ex-wife.
- This is my wife Sandra.
- Hi.
And your daughter is downstairs
and safe with our daughter Val.
I swear to God.
if you lay a finger on her...
Lay a finger on her?
I brought you here
to keep you safe.
Keep us safe?
You gassed us in your truck.
I'm sorry.
there wasn't really time
for a cappuccino and a chat.
You're lucky that I found you
before Manticore could.
- What do you want from us?
- Listen. 23andMe.
You've been searching
to find out who you are. right?
What happened to you
eight years ago?
Well. look no further.
We're here to help you.
Why should I trust
anything you say?
Because. believe it or not.
we're old friends.
It's good to see you. Mason.
- Mason?
- Mm-hmm.
Ready to find out who you are?
[Orlick on video] Okay.
logging Agent Mason Kane.
Mission scan initializing.
- Stand still.
- [Mason] I am standing still.
[Orlick] Okay. now smile.
- I'm not gonna fucking smile.
- You see what a joy you were?
[Orlick on video] Command says
you have to smile.
[Mason] Mason Kane
doesn't smile.
You talked about yourself
in the third person.
[Orlick on video] Fine.
How about a smize?
That's where you smile
with your eyes.
I'm gonna kill you. Bernard.
I'll actually kill you.
It was a very hostile workplace.
[Orlick on video] How about you
try killing me with kindness?
- [Mason] Fuck me.
- Fuck me.
You're telling me I was a spy.
Why do you think
there was no trace of you?
Because there is no Kyle Conroy.
- Bingo. my friend.
- It's an alias.
One of many
I came up with for you.
I have a gift for names.
I mean. I have many gifts.
And my scars. they're. what.
bullet wounds. knife wounds?
Machete wounds. shrapnel wounds.
oyster shucker wounds...
the list is endless.
[Kyle] So what were we?
CIA? Special forces?
[Orlick] Nope.
What you were was a myth.
What you were was Citadel.
Citadel?
I thought you had
a gift for names.
[Orlick] For as long
as they've been around.
spy agencies have started wars.
assassinated world leaders.
killed innocents.
So. a century ago.
a group of spies and friends
recruited individuals
from around the world
to create a spy organization
loyal to no man
and to no nation.
Loyal only to the safety
and security of all people.
You wouldn't know we existed.
but we helped shape
every major event for good
in the past 100 years.
- We were the good guys.
- Mm-hmm.
The last line of defense
for good in the world.
But then. eight years ago.
we were double-crossed
by one of our own.
an unknown agent
who took a list
of all of Citadel's spies
and transferred it
into the wrong hands.
They tried to kill me
on that train.
Mm-hmm.
I've been searching for
eight years for survivors.
I thought that only one
Citadel spy had survived.
Luckily. this Citadel spy
was head and shoulders
above the rest.
The agency's tech genius.
Destined to carry the world
on his back like Atlas.
Please don't tell me.
- His name?
- Is it you?
- Jesus Christ.
- No.
Bernard Orlick.
Watch your feet.
Come here.
This is who
we're fighting against.
"Manticore"? They did this?
Manticore emerged
eight years ago
with the assault on Citadel.
when they murdered
thousands of Citadel spies.
Manticore was founded by eight
of the wealthiest families
from around the world.
who built their own spy network
to manipulate world events
and amass wealth and power.
And with Citadel slaughtered
and my tech in their hands.
they wreaked havoc.
Oil crises. grid failures.
catastrophic wars.
You didn't bring us here
to keep us safe.
I brought you here because
I very much need your help.
Mason's help.
Early this morning.
Citadel's X Case.
containing all our secrets.
was stolen
by two Manticore agents.
The kind of secrets that can
murder millions of people
or hold entire nations hostage.
And now those two agents
are on their way to New York
to tear open that case.
And if they succeed.
Manticore will have.
among other things.
all the codes to every
nuclear weapon in the world.
Excuse me.
So I need you to come
to New York with me
and get that case
before Manticore can open it.
I need Mason Kane.
Well. I'm not him.
I coach Little League.
I think you'll find
that there is
a lot more of him in you
than you realize.
The fuck is wrong with you?
There's my guy.
Your mind may not remember.
but your body does.
I mean. you were
our top spy. after all.
I was Citadel's top spy?
Well. no.
not really the top spy.
I mean. you did have a...
a partner.
I mean. alone. you two were...
you know. you-you were amazing.
but together.
you were hot stuff.
What was her name?
Her name was Nadia Sinh.
You help me get that case.
I'll help you remember
who you were and who she was.
Who she was?
Nadia sent a Mayday call
the day that Citadel fell.
And then after that.
she went dark.
I think she's dead.
If Manticore gets
those nuclear codes.
I promise you.
they will not hesitate
to kill you. to kill Abby
and to kill Hendrix.
You want to save your family?
Come with me.
[gasps]
[♪ Sniff'n'the Tears:
"Driver's Seat"]
♪ ♪
♪ Doing all right ♪
♪ A little jiving
on a Saturday night ♪
♪ And come what may ♪
♪ Gonna dance the day away ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ The news is blue ♪
♪ It has its own way
to get to you ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ What can I do? ♪
♪ I'll never remember
my time with you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Driver's seat ♪
♪ Ooh. driver's seat ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Doing all right ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ A little jiving
on a Saturday night ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And come what may ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Gonna dance the day away ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Driver's seat ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Jenny was sweet ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ There is no elite ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Pick up your feet ♪
♪ Ooh ♪♪
[song fades]